Document agent readiness checks for mint score (#5346)
mintlify/docs: cli/commands.mdx

The command displays an overall readiness score and a breakdown of individual checks with pass/fail indicators.

### Checks

The score evaluates the following areas:

| Check | What it verifies |
| --- | --- |

> | `llmsTxtExists` | An [llms.txt](/ai-native#llms-txt) file is reachable at the site root. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `llmsTxtExists` | Agents can reach an [llms.txt](/ai/llmstxt) file at the site root. |
```

> | `llmsTxtValid` | The llms.txt file follows the expected format with headings and markdown links. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `llmsTxtValid` | The `llms.txt` file follows the expected format with headings, blockquote summary, and Markdown links. |
```

| `llmsTxtDirective` | The llms.txt file contains usage directives. |
| `llmsTxtFullExists` | An llms-full.txt file is available for models that need the complete content. |
| `llmsTxtFullSize` | The llms-full.txt file is within a reasonable size range. |
| `llmsTxtFullValid` | The llms-full.txt file contains valid content with headings. |
| `llmsTxtFullLinksResolve` | Links inside llms-full.txt resolve to live pages. |
| `skillMd` | A [skill.md](/ai-native#skill-md) file is discoverable for agent tool use. |
| `contentNegotiationMarkdown` | The site returns markdown when requested through content negotiation. |
| `contentNegotiationPlaintext` | The site returns plain text when requested through content negotiation. |
| `mcpServerDiscoverable` | An [MCP server](/ai/model-context-protocol) is discoverable for tool-based agents. |
| `mcpToolCount` | The MCP server exposes at least one tool. |
| `openApiSpec` | An OpenAPI or Swagger specification is available at a standard path. |
| `robotsTxtAllowsAI` | The robots.txt file does not block AI crawlers. |
| `sitemapExists` | A sitemap is available for page discovery. |

> | `structuredData` | The homepage contains [JSON-LD](https://json-ld.org/) structured data (`<script type="application/ld+json">`). Reports the number of JSON-LD blocks and the schema types found. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `llmsTxtSize` | The `llms.txt` file is within the size threshold so agents can consume it without truncation. |
| `llmsTxtLinksResolve` | Links inside `llms.txt` resolve to live pages. |
| `llmsTxtLinksMarkdown` | Links inside `llms.txt` use Markdown syntax. |
| `llmsTxtDirective` | The `llms.txt` file contains usage directives. |
| `llmsTxtFullExists` | An [llms-full.txt](/ai/llmstxt/#llms-full-txt) file is available for agents that need the complete content. |
| `llmsTxtFullSize` | The `llms-full.txt` file is within a reasonable size for agents to process. |
| `llmsTxtFullValid` | The `llms-full.txt` file contains valid content with headings. |
| `llmsTxtFullLinksResolve` | Links inside `llms-full.txt` resolve to live pages. |
| `skillMd` | Agents can reach a [skill.md](https://www.mintlify.com/docs/ai/skillmd) file for agent tool use. |
| `contentNegotiationMarkdown` | The site returns Markdown when agents request it through content negotiation. |
| `contentNegotiationPlaintext` | The site returns plain text when agents request it through content negotiation. |
| `mcpServerDiscoverable` | Agents can discover an [MCP server](/ai/model-context-protocol) for tool-based agents. |
| `mcpToolCount` | The MCP server exposes at least one tool. |
| `openApiSpec` | There is an available OpenAPI or Swagger specification at a standard path. |
| `robotsTxtAllowsAI` | The `robots.txt` file does not block AI crawlers. |
| `sitemapExists` | There is a sitemap available for page discovery. |
| `structuredData` | The homepage contains [JSON-LD](https://json-ld.org/) structured data (`<script type="application/ld+json">`). Reports the number of JSON-LD blocks and the schema types found. |
```
